hello here I welcome to student meals
today we'll be making this get baked
what you'll need is about three packages
of 24 biscuits
preferably rectangular 500 grams of
butter 500 grams of powdered sugar some
milk baking paper a dish a tray or a
plank and a mixer first of all we are
going to start off with the filling make
sure your butter is at room temperature
and then just break it into little
pieces into the bowl now mix the butter
until it's smooth
like so add the sugar gradually while
mixing
okay art I think we need a bigger bowl
that's better
the filling is done when you notice it's
fluffy like this cover your tray with
baking paper then take a biscuit dip it
in milk and place it on the tray now
just continue the process because we've
got 72 biscuits we made a square of 12
72 divided by 12 makes six even layers
take some of your filling and place it
on top and now just spread it evenly now
just continue to process with a layer of
biscuits a layer of filling a layer of
biscuits filling until you've got no
more biscuits or filling left like this
now just place it in the fridge for
about 2 to 3 hours and then it's ready
to be munched
you